On behalf of the Governing Body,
I can say that we really appreciate
your attending
this “Pursue Peace”! Convention.
Speaking of peace,
we love the serene setting
here at our world headquarters
on Blue Lake in New York State.
At times, the water is as smooth as a mirror.
We occasionally see eagles and hawks fly by.
And in the fall of the year
when the leaves change color,
the forest can look spectacular.
More important
than this tranquil setting, though,
is the abundant peace
that Jehovah has given to his organization.
We can say this because of the peace
and harmony that unite us
no matter what our nationality,
language, race, tribe,
or social background is.
This is truly spectacular,
especially when we consider
all the turmoil in the world
and how divided people are
politically, socially, and religiously.
However, we cannot take
our beautiful peace for granted;
it’s not maintained automatically.
Each of us personally must pursue peace
in order to have God’s approval.
Jehovah certainly wants his worshippers
to enjoy lasting peace.
That was true in ancient times.
God told Moses to have the priests in Israel
bless the people with very reassuring words.
Notice these words that we find
at Numbers 6:24-26,
and hear what the priests
were to say to the people:
“May Jehovah bless you and safeguard you.
“May Jehovah make his face shine upon you,
“and may he favor you.
“May Jehovah lift up his face toward you
and grant you peace.”
The next verse states:
“And they must place my name
“upon the people of Israel,
that I may bless them.”
Jehovah has placed his name on us too,
and he is richly blessing us.
Let’s consider what
this convention program is going to cover
so that we’ll know how we can continue
to enjoy God’s blessing of peace.
First, we’ll consider
how to be at peace with God.
Our greatest peace comes
from having
a personal relationship with Jehovah.
Making him our best Friend benefits us
and leads to peace
in every other aspect of our life.
How can we reach out
for a close relationship with God?
We need more
than a superficial knowledge of him.
We need to get to know Jehovah as a person
and admire his qualities and ways.
Then we can love what he loves
and hate what he hates.
During this program,
listen for details about Jehovah
that will draw you ever closer to him.
Second, we’ll consider
how to be at peace with others.
Our homes should be havens
for peace for our families.
This means more than the absence of arguing.
It involves putting the interests
of our family members ahead of our own.
As we’ll learn from this program,
that includes showing love
and respect to one another,
working as a team,
improving family communication,
and worshipping Jehovah together.
Third, we’ll consider
how to be at peace despite trials
and troublesome world conditions.
During this convention,
we’re going to tour the world to see how,
despite opposition, illness,
economic problems, and natural disasters,
our brothers really care for one another,
how they receive help
from Jehovah’s organization,
and how they continue
their spiritual activity.
No matter what may threaten
our lives or livelihood,
we can be confident
that Jehovah can help us get through it
and retain our peace of mind and heart.
Fourth, we’ll consider
how to enjoy peace eternally.
Once God’s Kingdom
has lifted mankind to perfection,
we’ll no longer have to pursue peace.
As Psalm 72:7 promises:
“The righteous will flourish,
and peace will abound
until the moon is no more.”
In other words, there will be peace forever.
This program will help us
to anticipate future blessings from Jehovah.
Can you see why “Pursue Peace!”
was well chosen
as the theme for this year’s convention?
To pursue something means
to chase it in order to capture it.
Because of the influence of Satan,
his wicked world, and our own imperfections,
peace is constantly trying to elude us.
Therefore, we have to chase after it
to capture it in our lives.
This convention program will help us do that.
May the God of peace
be with all of you now and forever!
That’s the heartfelt wish
of all of us on the Governing Body
because we love you dearly.
Please enjoy the entire convention program!